Update configure-endpoints-script.md (#7102)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/configure-endpoints-script.md

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > This script has been optimized for use on up to 10 devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This script has been optimized for use on up to ten devices.
```

> >Local scripting is a special on-board method for evaluating Microsoft Defender for Endpoint.
> >The data reporting frequency is set higher than the other on-board method when the on-board by local script is performed.
> >This setting is for evaluation purposes and is not normally used in production deployments.
> >For this reason, there are concerns about environmental impact, so please limit the number of deployments using local scripts to 10.
> >If you are deploying to a production environment as described above, use [other deployment options](configure-endpoints.md)like  Group Policy or Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Local scripting is a special onboarding method for evaluating Microsoft Defender for Endpoint.
> The data reporting frequency is set higher than with other onboarding methods when onboarding using a local script.
> This setting is for evaluation purposes and is not normally used in production deployments. For this reason, there are concerns about environmental impact, so we recommend limiting the number of deployments using local scripts to ten.
> If you are deploying to a production environment as previously described, use [other deployment options](configure-endpoints.md) like  Group Policy or Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager.
```
